GENERAL PROVISIONS

DEFINITIONS
1.1. Communications shall mean all and any communication, agreement, document, receipt, notice and disclosure which may be from time to time addressed to the User by Justmoon.

1.2. Crypto assets shall mean such type of assets which can only and exclusively be transmitted by means of blockchain technology, including but not limited to, digital coins and digital tokens and any other type of digital mediums of exchange such as Justmoon.io Coin, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, etc, to the full and absolute exempt of the securities of any kind.

1.3. Wallet: it is a software which can be used to view cryptocurrency balances and make transactions.

1.4. Deposit/Withdrawal of crypto assets shall mean remittance of crypto assets to/from Justmoon Account from/to external third-party service accordingly.

1.5. Feedback is any feedback, suggestion, idea or other information or material regarding Justmoon or our Services that you provide, whether by email, posting through Us or otherwise.

1.6. Force Majeure Event shall be understood as any event beyond Justmoon's reasonable control, including but not limited to the flood, extraordinary weather conditions, earthquake, or other act of God, fire, war, insurrection, riot, labor dispute, accident, action of government, suspension of bank accounts of any kind, extraordinary leaps of the course of crypto asset, communications, network or power failure, or equipment or software malfunction or any other cause beyond Justmoon's reasonable control.

1.7. Justmoon Account is the User account accessible after the registration process where the crypto assets wallet and the operating record are kept and shown by Justmoon on behalf of the User.

1.8. Justmoon IP shall mean all and any copyright and other intellectual property rights in all content and other materials contained on our Technology Platform or provided in connection with the services, including, without limitation, the Justmoon name, trademark, Justmoon logo and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, information, data, software, technologies, know-hows, sound and video files, other files and the selection and arrangement thereof.

1.9. Third-Party Content is the content provided by third parties, including without limitation links to web pages of such parties, which may be represented on the Platform.

1.10. Third-Party Service is any platform or network in which crypto assets belong to you or where you are the beneficial owner of it and this platform is maintained by a third party outside of our services; including but not limited to third-party accounts.

1.11. Trade shall be understood as an exchange of a crypto asset of one type, owned and/or generated by any Justmoon Account User to the crypto asset of another type owned by the same or another Justmoon account User, at the terms of service set forth by such exchange parties and which is executed solely and exclusively within our Platform with crypto assets deposited to those Users’ Justmoon Accounts. In no case shall the Trade be deemed or construed to be a marginal trade.

1.12. Transfer, for the purposes herein, shall mean a record of Deposit, Withdrawal and/or Trade transaction of crypto asset into, out from or at User’s Justmoon Account, which is technically executed by Justmoon in accordance with User’s Deposit/Withdrawal request or trade order.

WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS
2.1. It is a precondition that our services are only provided to those who are permitted to enter in legally binding relationships. Therefore if there is any reason why you are not able to enter into legally binding relationships with Us, for whatever reason,do not use our Services.

2.2. You further represent and warrant that you:

(a) are at least 18 years old or of other legal age according to your relevant jurisdiction;

(b) have not previously been suspended or removed from our Services;

(c) have full power and authority to enter into this legal relationship and by doing so will not violate any other legal relationships;

(d) use our Technology Platform with your own email and for your own benefit and do not act on behalf and/or to the interest of any other person;

(e) guarantee that your crypto assets, which you transfer to Justmoon are not sold, encumbered, not in contention, or under seizure, and that neither exist any rights of third parties to your crypto assets;

(f) will not use our Services or will immediately cease using those if any applicable law in your country prohibits or will prohibit you at any time from doing so;

(g) will not use our Services or will immediately cease using those if you are a resident or become a resident at any time of the state or region (in accordance with such state or region definition of residency), where the crypto assets transactions you are going to execute are prohibited or require special approval, permit and/or authorization of any kind, which Justmoon has not obtained in this state or region.

2.3. When accessing or using our Platform, You further represent, agree and warrant, that you will not violate any law, contract, intellectual property or other third-party right or commit a tort, and that you are solely responsible for your conduct while using Justmoon.

2.4 Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, you represent, agree and warrant that you will not:

(a) Use Justmoon in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from using it with full functionality or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair its functioning in any manner;

(b) Use Justmoon to pay for, support or otherwise engage in any illegal gambling activities; fraud; money-laundering; terrorist activities; or any other illegal activities;

(c) Use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper or other automated means or interface not provided by Us to access Justmoon or to extract data;

(d) Use or attempt to use another User account without authorization;

(e) Attempt to circumvent any content filtering techniques we employ, or attempt to access any service or area of our Technology Platform that you are not authorized to access;

(f) Develop any third-party applications that interact with our Technology Platform without our prior written consent;

(g) Provide false, inaccurate, or misleading information;

(h) Encourage or induce any third party to engage in any of the activities prohibited under this Section.

RISK DISCLOSURE
3.1. Due to our internal policies we only provide the services to users with sufficient experience, knowledge and understanding of the work principles of our Technology Platform and those who fully understand the associated risks. You acknowledge and agree that you shall access and use Justmoon at your own risk. The risk of loss in Trading crypto assets can be substantial. You should therefore carefully consider whether such Trading is appropriate for you in light of your circumstances and resources. You acknowledge and agree the possibility of the following:

(a) You may sustain a total loss of the crypto assets in your Justmoon Account and in some cases you may incur losses beyond such crypto assets.

(b) Under certain market conditions you may find it difficult or impossible to liquidate a position. This can occur for example when the market reaches a daily price fluctuation limit ("limit move") and there is insufficient liquidity in the market.

(с) All of the points noted above apply to all crypto assets. This brief statement cannot however disclose all the risks and other aspects associated with the trade of crypto assets and shall not be considered as any professional advice.

3.2. Risks Associated with the Internet-based Trading System. You acknowledge that there are risks associated with utilizing an Internet-based trading system including but not limited to the failure of hardware, software, and Internet connections. You acknowledge that Justmoon shall not be responsible for any communication failures, disruptions, errors, distortions or delays you may experience when using the Technology Platform howsoever caused.

3.3. Risks Associated with the Blockchain Protocol. Justmoon and its related services are based on the Blockchain Protocol. As such, any malfunction, unintended function, unexpected functioning of or attack on the Blockchain protocol, may cause our platform to malfunction or function in an unexpected or unintended manner.

3.4. Risks Associated with Blockchains and Crypto Assets. You acknowledge and accept that Justmoon has no control over any cryptocurrency network and you understand all risks associated with utilizing any crypto assets network including but not limited to the risk of unknown vulnerabilities in or unanticipated changes to any network protocol. We will not be responsible for any harm occurring as a result of such risks.

CRYPTO ASSETS PROTECTION
4.1. We strive to protect your crypto assets from unauthorized access, use, or spending. We use a variety of physical and technical measures designed to protect our systems and your crypto assets. By remitting your crypto assets to Justmoon Account you entrust and entitle Us to ultimately take decisions on the safety and security of your crypto assets.

4.2. We reserve the right to take different measures of protection, which include but are not limited to a diversification of crypto assets in different allocations whether on a segregate record (account) or not.

4.2. We reserve the right to take different measures of protection, which include but are not limited to a diversification of crypto assets in different allocations whether on a segregate record (account) or not.

ELECTRONIC NOTICES
5.1. Consent to Electronic Delivery. You agree and consent to receive electronically all Communications that Justmoon may be willing to communicate to you in connection with your Justmoon Account and/or use of the Justmoon Services. You agree that Justmoon may provide these Communications to you by posting them on the Platform.

5.2. It is your responsibility to keep your email address on file with Justmoon up to date so that Justmoon can communicate with you electronically. You understand and agree that if Justmoon sends you an electronic Communication but you do not receive it because your email address on file is incorrect, out of date, blocked by your service provider, or you are otherwise unable to receive electronic Communications, Justmoon will be deemed to have provided the Communication to you. You waive your right to plead ignorance. Please note that if you use a spam filter that blocks or re-routes emails from senders not listed in your email address book, you must add Justmoon to your email address book so that you will be able to receive the Communications We send you. You can update your email address at any time by logging into your Justmoon Account. If your email address becomes invalid in a such way that electronic Communications sent to you by Justmoon are returned, Justmoon may deem your account being inactive, and you may be not able to complete any transaction via the Technology Platform until We receive a valid, working email address from you.

SPECIAL CONDITIONS
6.1. Taxes. It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, taxes apply to the Transfers you complete via Justmoon, and it is your responsibility to report and remit the correct tax to the appropriate tax authority. You agree that Justmoon is not responsible for determining whether taxes apply to your transfers or for collecting, reporting, withholding or remitting any taxes arising from any Trades and Transfers and does not act as your tax agent.

6.2. Feedbacks. We own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, to Feedback. Any Feedback you submit is non-confidential and shall become the sole property of Justmoon. We will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of such Feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. You waive any rights you may have to the Feedback (including inter alia any copyrights). Do not provide Feedback if you expect to be paid or want to continue to own or claim rights on it; your idea might be great, but We may have already had the same or a similar idea and We do not want disputes. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted by you constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights or of their right to privacy. We have the right to remove any posting you make on our Platform if in our opinion your post does not comply with the content standards set out therein.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. LIMITATION OF LIABILITIES
7.1. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in a writing by Us, our services are provided on an "As is" and "As available" basis. We expressly disclaim and you waive all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement as to our services, including the information, content and materials contained therein.

7.2. You acknowledge that the crypto assets you store or transfer through our services may become irretrievably lost or corrupted or temporarily unavailable due to a variety of causes, including but not limited to software failures, protocol changes by third party providers, internet outages, Force Majeure event or other disasters including third party DDoS attacks, scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, or other causes either within or outside our control. You are solely responsible for backing up and maintaining duplicate copies of any you store or transfer through our services.

7.3. Except as otherwise required by law, in no event shall Justmoon, our directors, officers, members, employees or agents be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential or special damages, or any other damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, loss of use, loss of profits or loss of data, whether in an action in contract, tort (including but not limited to negligence) or otherwise, arising out of or in any way connected with the use of or inability to use our services or the Justmoon IP, including without limitation any damages caused by or resulting from reliance by any user on any information obtained from Us, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from a force majeure event, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to our records, programs or services.

7.4. We resume the right, in our sole discretion, to control any action or proceeding (at our expense) to which We are a participant and determine whether We wish to settle it.

7.5. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the aggregate liability of Justmoon (including our directors, officers, members, employees and agents), whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence, whether active, passive or imputed), product liability, strict liability or other theory, arising out of or relating to the use of, or inability to use, Justmoon or to these terms exceed the fees paid by you to Justmoon within 3 months immediately preceding the date of any claim giving rise to such liability.

7.6. Crypto assets holdings are not covered by any deposit guarantee scheme. As crypto assets payments are not reversible, You are responsible for the protection and security of your Justmoon account. The price of crypto assets can change rapidly and the risk of loss in trading or holding crypto assets can be substantial. You should therefore carefully consider whether trading or holding crypto assets is suitable for you in light of your financial condition, experience and risk tolerance level.

7.7. We strive to protect our users from fraudulent and scam activities in crypto assets sphere. It is possible that some crypto assets are purposed for unlawful seizure of the property, or are construed as a fraud, scam or any other activity, recognized by the laws as illegal and/or non-compliant with legal requirements. We reserve the right to prohibit and discontinue any transactions on our platform with such crypto asset at our sole discretion, without any prior notice to you and without publication of the reason for such decision, whenever this comes to our knowledge.

NO OFFER OF SECURITIES
8.1. Justmoon endeavors all possible measures to be sure that crypto assets that are available via our Platform cannot be classified as "security" by United States SEC and/or other competent authorities. Moreover, Justmoon represents that it never intended or desired to make tokens and/or coins that can be classified as "security" available via our Technology Platform.

8.2. The responsibility for the fact that the instrument cannot be treated as “security” lies with the owner of token and/or coin. If there is any risk or speculations that token and/or coin can be treated as “security”, Justmoon reserves the right to prohibit and discontinue any transactions on our Technology Platform with such tokens and/or coins at its sole discretion.

8.3. We follow the best practices to decide whether crypto asset is security or not. However, We give no warranty and/or investment, financial, legal or any other professional advice, that any crypto asset available via our Technology Platform is not a security.

APPLICABLE LAW; ARBITRATION
9.1. You and Justmoon agree to arbitrate any dispute arising from these Terms or your use of the Services, except for disputes in which either party seeks equitable and other relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets or patents.

9.2. You and Justmoon agree to notify each other in writing of any dispute within thirty (30) working days of when it arises. Notice to Justmoon shall be sent to support@justmoon.finance

9.3. Any dispute, controversy, difference or claim arising out of or relating to the Terms, including the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination thereof or any dispute regarding non-contractual obligations arising out of or relating to it shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Arbitration Act of Belize.

MISCELLANEOUS
10.1. Entire Agreement. These Terms contain the entire agreement and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings between the parties regarding the Services.

10.2. Order of Precedence. In the event of any conflict between these Terms and any other agreement you may have with Justmoon, the terms of that other agreement will prevail only if these Terms are specifically identified and declared to be overridden by such other agreement.

10.3. Amendments. We reserve the right to make changes or modifications to these Terms from time to time, in our sole discretion. If We make changes to these Terms, we will provide you with notice of such changes, such as by sending an e-mail, providing notice on the homepage of the Site and/or by posting the amended Terms via the applicable Justmoon websites and mobile applications and updating the "Last Updated" date at the top of these Terms. The amended Terms will be deemed effective immediately upon posting for any new users of the Services. In all other cases, the amended Terms will become effective for pre-existing users upon the earlier of either:

(a) the date User click or press a button to accept such changes or;

(b) the date User continues use of our Services after Justmoon provides notice of such changes or publishes new version of the Terms on the Website.

10.4. Any amended Terms will apply prospectively to use of the Services after such changes become effective. If you do not agree to any amended Terms, you must discontinue using our Services and contact us to terminate your account.

10.5. No Waiver. Our failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege under these Terms shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

10.6. Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any of these Terms shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other of these Terms, all of which shall remain in full force and effect.

10.7. Assignment. You may not assign or transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without prior written consent from Justmoon, including by operation of law or in connection with any change of control. Justmoon may assign or transfer any or all of its rights under these Terms, in whole or in part, without obtaining your consent or approval.

10.8. Headings. Headings of sections are for convenience only and shall not be used to limit or construe such sections.

10.9. Interpretations. Terms "Remittance", "Deposit", "Withdrawal", “Trade” and some others referred to herein are used in reference purposes to crypto assets solely and as defined ut supra shall not be deemed as construed for the use in regular financial use.

10.10. Competitions. From time to time our business partners, contractors, clients, counterparties may hold different competitions, trials, games and any other type of events available to users through our Technology Platform. By agreeing to participate in such competitions, you shall comply with the rules of each particular competition and act according to them. Unless otherwise provided by the rules of particular competition, Justmoon does not control and is not associated with any of such competition and shall have no responsibility for conducting and holding the competition. Justmoon reserves the right to publish the rules of the competition received from the holder of the competition. You understand and acknowledge that your participation in such competition, and your interactions with holder, are at your own risk.
